a few months ago a remarkable discovery
was made in the vaults of the BBC
Natural History Unit an archivist was
checking through some of the film cans
from Zoo quest
she took a closer look at these reels of
film and realized that she had unearthed
a piece of television history they were
some of the original films shot on
location over six hours worth not only
were they in extremely good condition
but they were actually in color
they show animals filmed for the first
time as well as being a unique cultural
record of a bygone era I was astonished
to hear that they had all this color
negative stock I had never seen it and
need nobody had ever seen it I think and
never been printed in color look it's
very cool I definitely have loved the
David Attenborough ya know like I don't
know why you wouldn't love David
Attenborough